e-VOLVO Forum
1.	Description 
    e-VOLVO is a highly interactive forum dedicated to Volvo owners and amateurs around the world.
It allows sharing videos and pictures of interesting Volvo related news and articles, 
home videos and owners seeking help for malfunctions. The forum is regulated by an active
community of moderators who seek to achieve a civilized and friendly environment for all 
users. There is also a live chat section dedicated to starting conversations about various 
topics related to their cars and sharing articles and other links. The users will be able 
to edit their personal profile with details about age, location, cars owned currently or in 
the past and a small description. This information will be visible to other users who will 
also see your total number of posts and for how long they have been a member, distinguishing
between new users and older ones. 

2.	Design
    The application will be designed with a dashboard for the user, where he can monitor responses
to his posts, watch favorited posts, see statistics about his number of posts and edit his public 
profile. The other pages are Login/Signup, a menu of general topics and a more focused submenu of
opened threads, with a search function and filters; a page for FAQ’s and Terms and conditions / 
Privacy policy about personal data & GDPR and the public profile page on which the user’s public 
data is displayed. 

3.	Regular Users
    The application allows users to see forum threads and response without being logged 
in but only allows logged users to post and up vote / down vote answers and have an editable profile. 

4.	Tech Support / Moderators
    The site’s tech support is done by the moderators who have the added privileges of banning users 
and removing posts. They also have access to the ticket system to answer all the questions of users 
related to the site’s functionality. 

5.	Administrator 
    The administrator will manage rights for different users, make or remove moderators and also ban
any user.
